in the foothills of the Himalayas it's
possible to have the Egyptian vulture
encounter of a lifetime paragliding
alongside Kevin a rescued and
hand-reared Egyptian vulture and my
perfect wingman it takes pilots years of
experience to learn how to ride the
thermals and the rising air currents
here in order to stay aloft like this
guy something that our vulture here will
do with absolute ease so we're gonna
have a flight using the bird as our eyes
to the skies while I pile on the
equipment I need to fly Kevin wait
patiently as part of his rehab he's been
flying with the Peres Hawking team for
years now we're gonna see this smart
bird showing off the soaring skills and
eyesight that help it scour the
Highlands in search of food we get to
gauge we're good to go
remember oh oh well I've seen some news
in my time but that beats all of them
unbelievable
within seconds Kevin cruises in almost
disdainful of our limited flying skills
right
he's right alongside us absolutely
effortless and off he goes that is
phenomenal so totally effortless this is
such a privilege to get this kind of
year in this bird it's something that
normally only another vulture would see
look at that delicate tweezer like me
just plucking away at the meat
you